showcase/README.md, before:

# Build better Prezi

## yowza avaibikity 

- https://reactbits.dev/
- https://animejs.com/
- Three.JS
- Reveal.js
- GSAP -https://gsap.com/docs/v3/Installation/guides/Club%20GSAP%20&%20Vercel/
- https://r3f.docs.pmnd.rs/getting-started/introduction
- You can use AI to build awesome slides - https://r3f-3d-slideshow.vercel.app/
- https://r3f-animated-book-slider-final.vercel.app/
- PaceUI - https://next.jqueryscript.net/next-js/animated-components-gsap-paceui/
- https://docling-project.github.io/docling/

## JavaScript Libaraies 

- https://gsap.com/showcase/


### Features

- Audience Particpatation and engagment -
- show.io
- https://prezi.com/
- Import from Import your slides from Github Markup format
- https://sli.dev/
- https://sli.dev/guide/why
- https://slides.com/features
- https://splidejs.com/
- Live Events are stupid, Q&A Ongoing using Forums, Video and Audio playback recording using AI speach.
- https://github.com/wass08/r3f-animated-book-slider-final
- Pay for Private Profile, video recording, audiance analytics, access audiance attendance.
- Choose from Interactive Backgrounds - https://www.sliderrevolution.com/resources/three-js-examples/, or submit your own via git
- https://github.com/jeertmans/manim-slides-starter?tab=readme-ov-file
- Slides but with a community to interact, chat and surevey and socilise.
- Make a prezi animation , import cvs to animate the words simple animations using three.js with interaction and chat questions on the sides , like twich. just for presentations no video, text/youtube for text. You can pay for video recording, etc.
- Follow Preseation/Communcation Metoldoogy - like the one i have in that folder. 

## Templates

- Play NextJS - https://github.com/NextJSTemplates/play-nextjs?utm_source=chatgpt.com
- Next.js & shadcn/ui Admin Dashboard - https://vercel.com/new/templates/next.js/next-js-and-shadcn-ui-admin-dashboard
### ChatGPT

- https://chatgpt.com/c/689c1f63-72a8-832c-9f1c-834b38d8ea24
- https://chatgpt.com/c/688282c4-a99c-800e-9ec0-b018de03dc78
- https://dash.cloudflare.com/cde2b83e96bce23a8db072465a882cc5/workers-and-pages/create/deploy-to-workers?repository=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fcloudflare%2Fvibesdk
- https://build.cloudflare.dev/app/89993bf4-4421-446b-9091-8ef181acfa25
- https://prezi.com/p/rh_mfyroznft/understanding-prezi/?present=1
- https://github.com/Rohan749/text-animations/tree/folding-text


Presentations

Prezi is 2D, my version is moving back and forth in a 3D Space with Objects and placing content in 3D space as well as Dynamic Animation Motion Graphics.
Transitions between slides 2d Space 3d scroll based 3d space based Dymanic 3d Space and Particles. Scroll video effect

Commit message:

Add process section to README
Added a new section on the process for reviewing the presentation.

showcase/README.md, after:

# Build better Prezi

## yowza avaibikity 

- https://reactbits.dev/
- https://animejs.com/
- Three.JS
- Reveal.js
- GSAP -https://gsap.com/docs/v3/Installation/guides/Club%20GSAP%20&%20Vercel/
- https://r3f.docs.pmnd.rs/getting-started/introduction
- You can use AI to build awesome slides - https://r3f-3d-slideshow.vercel.app/
- https://r3f-animated-book-slider-final.vercel.app/
- PaceUI - https://next.jqueryscript.net/next-js/animated-components-gsap-paceui/
- https://docling-project.github.io/docling/

## JavaScript Libaraies 

- https://gsap.com/showcase/

## Process
- Review this presetnation and extract the key components, Background foreground, animation bits, transitions. etc - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Y1G9najGiI

### Features

- Audience Particpatation and engagment -
- show.io
- https://prezi.com/
- Import from Import your slides from Github Markup format
- https://sli.dev/
- https://sli.dev/guide/why
- https://slides.com/features
- https://splidejs.com/
- Live Events are stupid, Q&A Ongoing using Forums, Video and Audio playback recording using AI speach.
- https://github.com/wass08/r3f-animated-book-slider-final
- Pay for Private Profile, video recording, audiance analytics, access audiance attendance.
- Choose from Interactive Backgrounds - https://www.sliderrevolution.com/resources/three-js-examples/, or submit your own via git
- https://github.com/jeertmans/manim-slides-starter?tab=readme-ov-file
- Slides but with a community to interact, chat and surevey and socilise.
- Make a prezi animation , import cvs to animate the words simple animations using three.js with interaction and chat questions on the sides , like twich. just for presentations no video, text/youtube for text. You can pay for video recording, etc.
- Follow Preseation/Communcation Metoldoogy - like the one i have in that folder. 

## Templates

- Play NextJS - https://github.com/NextJSTemplates/play-nextjs?utm_source=chatgpt.com
- Next.js & shadcn/ui Admin Dashboard - https://vercel.com/new/templates/next.js/next-js-and-shadcn-ui-admin-dashboard
### ChatGPT

- https://chatgpt.com/c/689c1f63-72a8-832c-9f1c-834b38d8ea24
- https://chatgpt.com/c/688282c4-a99c-800e-9ec0-b018de03dc78
- https://dash.cloudflare.com/cde2b83e96bce23a8db072465a882cc5/workers-and-pages/create/deploy-to-workers?repository=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fcloudflare%2Fvibesdk
- https://build.cloudflare.dev/app/89993bf4-4421-446b-9091-8ef181acfa25
- https://prezi.com/p/rh_mfyroznft/understanding-prezi/?present=1
- https://github.com/Rohan749/text-animations/tree/folding-text


Presentations

Prezi is 2D, my version is moving back and forth in a 3D Space with Objects and placing content in 3D space as well as Dynamic Animation Motion Graphics.
Transitions between slides 2d Space 3d scroll based 3d space based Dymanic 3d Space and Particles. Scroll video effect
